ladies and gentlemen you've heard all
the evidence I submit that this was not
a hot-blooded crime of passion
consider this a revolver holds six
bullets not eight that means that he
fired the gun empty and then stopped to
reload by the power vested in me by the
state of Maine I hereby order you to
serve two life sentences back to back
one for each of your victims send you
here for life that's exactly what they
take I believe in two things discipline
in the Bible here you receive both
and it came to Shawshank Prison in 1947
I had to do it I didn't since you asked
if you can fit right in
I must admit I didn't think much of and
the first time I laid eyes on him he had
a quiet way about it walk talk that just
wasn't normal around here there are
places in the world that aren't made out
of stone there's something inside I
can't touch talking about
oh my holy God is he comes down to a
simple choice really busy living
and get busy time
get busy living
visit I
[Music]